- [x] ❤️
- [ ] Awake
- [x] Liquid
- [x] Woman
- Empty
    - [x] 1
    - [x] 2
- [ ] Yoga
- [x] Shower
- [x] Style
- [x] Apple
- [x] Mouth
- Email
    - [ ] gmail
    - [ ] me@koiib.com
    - [ ] ig: shareyourangl
    - [ ] ig: koii_benvenutto
    - [ ] Linkedin
    - [ ] Alibaba
    - [ ] Trass discord
    - [ ] koii@trassgames.com
- [ ] 💏
### Fast Asleep

---

2025-03-26-1027-04

Just got in and did the trass standup

- 🧾 afterward John told me that he’s really looking forward to getting setup in Notion!
    - This feels so good so validating to hear!
    - I feel like what’s different about this go around implimenting Notion is that the team is really gonna run with it and it’s super needed!
    - I know that I should document this because I just brought a ton of value to the team. So I’m gonna spend a little time on Discord finding Jack’s reaction.
---

# Jemma x Koii

- “Wish fulfilled state” → speaking like I am successful not I wish to become successful
- Transcript here
- We mostly went over my AI journaling system. I need to make this into a shareable tutorial on my website.
- 2025-03-26-1140-20
---

Alright well I sure am hungry. I’m going to start by solving that.

- 2025-03-26-1140-54 food
    - [x] Check finc for food
        - There’s no food here
        - okay what are my options considering that lunch is in an hour 17 mins?
            - Goodie cafe
            - Equator
            - idk I can just go look around. I don’t want to work on an empty stomach
            - I think about …I think his name was Kyle from that day that I met up with Clovis at the Commons he had that giant bottle of electrolytes so that even if he goes long periods without eating he still maintains some minimal nutrient intake. I think it would be good to have something like that. Or I could also ask…are there snacks that I could carry so that it’s not just liquid…like a bobos bar for example? Like how do I solve this issue moving forward?
            - I wonder if I can just breath
            - I wonder if I can adopt more frequent intermittent fasting so that I just don’t feel it as much and can simply keep going. I just want to make sure that I’m not adopting any harmful practices. I know that Mitchell, my Mom, and I feel like others I know as well do intermittent fasting although I don’t super trust Mitchell regarding best practices for body because I feel like he’s so focused on work and is just so chill and okay with everything. Last time we were on a call he told me that he was working 70-80 hour weeks but at least “it’s nice because I just don’t have to eat at all” which, LMAO → highly questionable lmao!!
            - Well for today though, I think I’m just going to try and use breathwork and intermittent fasting to keep working through the feeling of hunger and challenge my body to adopt this new practice while staying in tune and keeping an eye on my soft limits. I did eat an apple this morning lol
            - 2025-03-26-1153-58
---

- 2025-03-26-1154-53
    - So knowing that I’m going to be *1
    - {AI allows for evolving systems because you can change stuff and just trust that the AI will understand you rather than having to update syntax in a million different places every time you change anything}
    - *1: working here for a minute while my main task today is to head into Double Union…what do I want to get done?
    - Well actually I will want to work on making the pattern in Onshape because then I’ll be able to start testing right away once I get into the
---

- 2025-03-26-1212-44 playing around with the new chatGPT 4o update that lets you do semantic text to image. Not stable diffusion but actually recreating the image from scratch based on recognition of actual things like oh this is a hair salon or oh this is a shoe.
    <details>
    <summary>Examples </summary>

    </details>

- 2025-03-26-1215-17
---

# Yeeps Maker Kit Patterns Onshape

- 2025-03-26-1221-05
    - I have a trackpad at work today and to use Onshape effectively you need a mouse.
    - I also wanted to create some screenshots using my meta headset but I can’t lug it into the office every day and I don’t have it with me today. Ugh. Honestly the case that I get for it is so massive too. Especially considering the size of the headset and controllers itself. It’s better just to put them in a little bag.
    - Kevin isn’t here today → I’ll call him and see if I can use his mouse.
        - [x] Research if this is a bluetooth or USB mouse → house to connect it
        - dammit.
    - Okay the Fluid team has my back once again! I should bring them something nice one day for letting me sit at their desk.
    - Now I have a mouse 2025-03-26-1232-51
- 2025-03-26-1232-56 alright time to get cranking on onshape
    - Creating the document…
        - I remember that Jayshay said to use unguessable names
            - yeeps-kit-gadget-bat-2025-03-26-1236-43 →
                -  yxxxx-mxxxr-kxt1-bxt-2025-03-26-1239-58
    - corner rectangle is G in onshape
    - toggle construction mode → Q
    - 2*
    - {2025-03-26-1253-52 honestly regarding this intermittent fasting is not for me}
    - 2025-03-26-1254-32 lunch
        - convo with Jan
            - Look at the end need that isn’t changing 
            - Try to own the whole problem
        - Just made coffee
        - 2025-03-26-1353-50
---

- 2025-03-26-1354-10 gonna go downstairs and see Igor and Victor demo their robot.
    - Holy fucking shit. I have no words to describe what I just saw.
        - Will add a link to the video here. I will just say that I think it’s doubtful that I choose to manufacture in China
    - 2025-03-26-1426-35
---

- 2025-03-26-1426-40 Okay I really need to get work done on Yeeps
    - But I just have so much to process right now like I want to be putting my time into robotics. UGHHH
    - 2*:
        - d = c/PI
        - can you make components in onshape?
            - In onshape they’re called parts 📝
                - 
                - 🚨 No actually it thought I just meant like 3D objects as opposed to sketches not like figma components
            - It looks like it works more like Blender where you have a part or model library and you can like link them
                - 
                - I would say this is likely not worth it for what I’m doing.
                > [!gray_background]
                > The takeaway here is that it’s not worth it to get into the efficiency and optimization until much further along is directly proportional to the complexity of the workspace itself. ← well that’s a hypothesis but the actual takeaway is that in onshape don’t optimize and try to make things efficient until a much higher complexity level than in Figma

            - 2025-03-26-1514-46 alright done here, time to head to Double Union. *3
---

*3: 2025-03-26-1515-29 ugh the thing is that I don’t want to I want to work at Finc where I have my friends. I don’t wanna go work by myself at Double Union where I feel lonely and I spent all those long days grinding and grinding away on Angl by myself. And I sure as hell don’t want to go back to Noisebridge either. It’s just so deeply healing for me to work around people. After grinding so many years alone. Going back to Noisebridge feels triggering.

---

- 2025-03-26-1617-58 at Double Union now
    - Alright first pass too small!
    - Need to increase the size significantly
    - Still too small 2025-03-26-1643-33
    - {Taking some time to respond to Gus here 2025-03-26-1655-15}
    - Where the hell did I have that image of the bat?
    - 2025-03-26-1741-46
    - 2025-03-26-1756-42
        - 2 separate pieces
        - Thicker
            - Because it’s going to be 2 separate pieces and thicker, I can keep the tab width the same as it is now because right now it’s a little too big.
        - top cap much smaller
        - bottom cap somewhat smaller
        - Later
            - Top round cap needs to be filled with something?
            - Stoped around 1855 
<details>
<summary>Here’s what I accomplished</summary>

    - 
</details>

---

- 2025-03-26-2224-22 laying in Graham’s bed. I want to get bottom surgery. 
---

- 2025-03-26-2251-13
    - 
---



